The history of Chinese animation began in the 20th century in the Republic of China when the people became fascinated with the idea of animation. it once played a very important role in world animation.

The modern animation industry began in France in 1888. The industry eventually spread to China where Chinese animation started in the 1920s, 

When we talk about chinese animation, The Wan Brothers can be ignored. Wan Laiming, Wan Guchan, Wan Chaochen and Wan Dihuan are all animators. They were the founders and pioneers of the Chinese animation industry. In 1922 Wan Laiming produced the first animation in a cartoon advertisement. In 1941, they made the first Asian animation feature-length film, Princess Iron Fan. Of course, the film was in black and white.

In 1950,after new China was founded, an animation team transferred to Shanghai. It was very supported by the goverement to study Western animation and develop its own models and methods that were truly Chinese. Many animators, incuding Wan brothers, joined the team. Since then, more and more famous animation films were make. Because of the high productivity and quality, the period was described as the "golden age" of Chinese animation films. I think most of us still remember some of them. For example, Magic Brush, Fishing Child, Havoc in Heaven. Now You may find something different. These films were colored.

In 1966, the Cultural Revolution started. China came in dark age. almost all studios were shut down by the Red Guards. The Chinese animation industry was put on pause for ten years until 1976 when the cultural revolution was over.

From 1978, the Chinese animation industry would begin to reproduce animations in a new direction. Many new technolegoies and softwares were imported from Japan and Ameriaca, such as CGI special effects. The animation film became much more beautiful than before. Some good animation films were created, such as Lotus Lantern, Old Master Q , Nezha Conquers the Dragon King. Now Wangshuo will introduce How the animation industry was great developed in recent years
